feat : add docs on lst and restaking (#53)
webb-tools/tangle-docs: pages/restake/assets.mdx

## Supported Assets

> Supported assets include all "liquid" assets on Tangle Network, including LstTNT. The network does not limit or restrict the assets that can be used for restaking. But assets are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported assets include all "liquid" assets on Tangle Network, including liquid staked TNT tokens. The network does not limit or restrict the assets that can be used for restaking. But assets are
```

> preffered by adding them to a reward pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preferred by adding them to a reward pool.
```
